(1) what is object oriented programming.
ans- Object-oriented programming is a style of programming characterized by the identification of classes of objects closely linked with the methods (functions) with which they are associated.

(2)What Are Properties Of Object Oriented Systems
ans- classes, objects, encapsulation, inheritance, abstraction, polymorphism.

(3)What Is Difference Between Class And Interface
ans- =>CLASS	
(1)The ‘class’ keyword is used to create a class.	
(2)An object of a class can be created.	
(3)Class doesn’t support multiple inheritance.	

 => INTERFACE
(1)The ‘interface’ keyword is used to create an interface.
(2)An object of an interface cannot be created.
(3)Interface supports multiple inheritance.

(4)What Is Overloading.
ans-overloading is the ability to create multiple functions of the same name with different implementations.

(5)What Is T_PAAMAYIM_NEKUDOTAYIM (Scope Resolution Operator (::) with Example.
ans-The Scope Resolution Operator (also called Paamayim Nekudotayim) or in simpler terms, the double colon, is a token that allows access to static, constant, and overridden properties or methods of a class.

(6)What are the differences between abstract classes and interfaces.
ans-Abstract class	
1) Abstract class can have abstract and non-abstract methods.	
2) Abstract class doesn't support multiple inheritance.	
3) Abstract class can have final, non-final, static and non-static variables.	

Interface
1)Interface can have only abstract methods. Since Java 8, it can have default and static methods also.
2)Interface supports multiple inheritance.
3)Interface has only static and final variables. 

(7)Define Constructor and Destructor.
ans-  constructor is the constructor which doesn't take any argument. It has no
parameter
      Destructor is an instance member function which is invoked automatically whenever an object is going to be destroyed. 

(8)How to Load Classes in PHP.
ans-PHP load classes are used for declaring its object etc. in object oriented applications. 

(9)How to Call Parent Constructor.
ans-Parent constructors are not called implicitly if the child class defines a constructor. In order to run a parent constructor, a call to  parent::__construct() within the child constructor is required. If the child does not define a constructor then it may be inherited from the parent class just like a normal class method

(10)Are Parent Constructor Called Implicitly When Create An Object Of Class.
ans-Parent constructors are not called implicitly if the child class defines a constructor. 

(11)What Happen, If Constructor Is Defined As Private Or Protected.
ans-If a constructor is declared as private, then its objects are only accessible from within the declared class. You cannot access its objects from outside the constructor class. 

(12)What are PHP Magic Methods/Functions? List them Write program for Static Keyword in PHP.
ans- keywords=>__construct(), __destruct(), __call(), __get(), __set(), __isset(), __unset()

(13)Create multiple Traits and use it in to a single class.
ans-in visual studio


(14) Write PHP Script of Object Iteration.
ans- in visual studio



(15)Use of The $this keyword.
ans-The this keyword refers to the current object in a method or constructor. The most common use of the this keyword is to eliminate the confusion between class attributes and parameters with the same name


(16)






=> JQUERY

(1)What is jQuery.
ANS-jQuery is a small, light-weight and fast JavaScript library. It is cross-platform and supports different types of browsers.

(2)How are JavaScript and jQuery different.
ANS- Javascript
(1) JavaScript is a programming language.	 	
(2) There are no special symbols to define JavaScript like JQuery.	 
(3) The disadvantage of JavaScript is that it is not easy to use it.	
 	
    Jquery
(1) jQuery is an Application Programming Interface (API).
(2) There are special symbols to define JQuery.
(3) The advantage of JQuery is the ease in which one can use JQuery.

(3)Which is the starting point of code execution in jQuery.
ans-$(document). ready() function

(4)Document Load Vs Window. Load() jQuery 
ans- Document Load 

The code which gets included inside $( window ).on( "load", function() { ... }) runs only once the entire page is ready (not only DOM).

Note: The load() method deprecated in jQuery version 1.8. It was completely removed in version 3.0. To see its working, add jQuery version for CDN before 3.0.

(window). load()

 event is that the code included inside onload function will run once the entire page(images, iframes, stylesheets,etc) are loaded whereas the $(document). ready() event fires before all images,iframes etc.

(5)What is the difference between prop and attr.
ans- prop() Method
(1)This method returns the current value.
(2)It changes properties for that HTML tag as per the DOM tree.
(3)Its syntax is: $(selector).prop(property)

    attr() Method
(1)This method returns the default value.
(2)It changes attributes for that HTML tag.
(3)Its syntax is: $(selector).attr(attribute)

(6)How We Can Select The Specified <li> Element From The ListOf <li> Elements In <ul>.
ans-The <li> HTML element is used to represent an item in a list. It must be contained in a parent element: an ordered list (<ol>), an unordered list (<ul>), or a menu (<menu>). 
In menus and unordered lists, list items are usually displayed using bullet points. In ordered lists, they are usually displayed with an ascending counter on the left, such as a number or letter.

(7)In <table> Design Change The Color Of Even <tr> Elements To“green”And Change The Color Of Odd <tr> Elements To “blue” Color? Give An Example Code.
ans-in visual studio

(8)How We Can Implement Animation Effects In Jquery.
ans-The jQuery animate() method performs custom animation using element's style properties. The animate() method changes existing style properties to the specified properties with motion.

(9)Apply jQuery validation using library.
ans-first,add jQuery library in your file. Then to define rules use simple syntax. jQuery(document). ready(function() { jQuery("#forms).

(10) Create custom dynamic function for require field validator. 
ans-in visual studio

(11) Get state data by country selection (Ajax). 
ans-in visual studio

(12)Image uploading with preview.
ans-in visual studio
